docs: add interaction debugging FAQ (#147)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: README.md

A. In your app or the Example app dir, run `pod deintegrate && pod install` to refresh paths.

> Q: Captcha displayed but it's impossible to interact with it, how to fix it?
> 
> A: There are several reasons why this may happen:
> 
> - [`UIApplication.shared.beginIgnoringInteractionEvents()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623047-beginignoringinteractionevents) was called, which prevents any user interaction. Make sure to call [`UIApplication.shared.endIgnoringInteractionEvents()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622938-endignoringinteractionevents) to enable interaction back.
> 
> - Ensure that there is no transparent overlay on hCaptcha's WebView. This can be checked with [the view debugger](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/diagnosing-and-resolving-bugs-in-your-running-app#Inspect-and-resolve-appearance-and-layout-issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Q: The challenge modal is displayed, but I can't interact with it. How do I fix this?

A: There are several ways this can happen:

- Your app called [`UIApplication.shared.beginIgnoringInteractionEvents()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623047-beginignoringinteractionevents), which prevents any user interaction, before calling the execute method of the SDK. Make sure to call [`UIApplication.shared.endIgnoringInteractionEvents()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622938-endignoringinteractionevents) to re-enable interaction before executing the SDK token request if you use this method.

- You may have unintentionally added a transparent overlay over the SDK's view layer. This can be checked with [the view debugger](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/diagnosing-and-resolving-bugs-in-your-running-app#Inspect-and-resolve-appearance-and-layout-issues)
```
